Upgrade from 4.5.latest to 4.6.0 without Headless (#2306)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/update_and_migration/from_4.5/update_from_4.5.md

ibexa:
    system:
        # ...
        admin_group:
            user_profile:
                enabled: false
```

In order to enable user profile, you need to se specify content type identifiers which are representing editor user and field groups that will be rendered in user profile summary:

```yaml
# /config/packages/ibexa_admin_ui.yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        # ...
        admin_group:
            user_profile:
                enabled: true
                content_types: ['editor']
                field_groups: ['about', 'contact']
```

You can use your own content type representing backoffice user or use default one provided by Ibexa DXP:

```bash
php bin/console ibexa:migrations:import vendor/ibexa/installer/src/bundle/Resources/install/migrations/2023_12_07_20_23_editor_content_type.yaml --name=2023_12_07_20_23_editor_content_type.yaml
php bin/console ibexa:migrations:import vendor/ibexa/installer/src/bundle/Resources/install/migrations/2024_01_09_22_23_editor_permissions.yaml --name=2024_01_09_22_23_editor_permissions.yaml
php bin/console ibexa:migrations:migrate --file=2023_12_07_20_23_editor_content_type.yaml --file=2024_01_09_22_23_editor_permissions.yaml
```

> More information ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information ...
```
Do you remember what you wanted to say here?

Author: @adamwojs Do you remember what kind of extended information you were thinking of?

Author: Removed

> ### Site Context
> 
> Site context is ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Site context

Site context is used in Content Tree to display only those Content items that belong to the selected website.
```

> Add non publicly accessible locations to the list of excluded paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add locations that shoudn't be publicly accessible to the list of excluded paths:
```

```yaml
# /config/packages/ibexa_site_context.yaml
ibexa:
    system:
        # ...
        admin_group:
            site_context:
                excluded_paths:
                    - /1/5/     # Users
                    - /1/43/    # Media
                    - /1/55/    # Forms
                    - /1/56/    # Site skeletons
                    - /1/67/    # Dashboards
                    - /1/61/    # Product categorises
                    - /1/65/    # Corporate Account
                    - /1/57/    # Tags
```

## Revisit optional configuration

### Activity Log

> By default, activity log keeps entries for 30 days. You can change this value by setting `ibexa.repositories.<name>.activity_log.truncate_after_days` parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, activity log keeps entries for 30 days. 
You can change this value by setting `ibexa.repositories.<name>.activity_log.truncate_after_days` parameter:
```

```yaml
ibexa:
    repositories:
        default:
            # ...
            activity_log:
                truncate_after_days: 10
```

## Revisit permissions

### Recent activity

> "Activity Log / Read" policy (`activity_log/read`) should be added to every role having access to the Back Office, at least with the "Only own log" limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must add the "Activity Log / Read" policy (`activity_log/read`) to every role that has access to the Back Office, at least with the "Only own log" limitation.
```

This policy is mandatory to display the "Recent activity" block in [dashboards](#dashboard), and the "Recent activity" block in [user profiles](#user-profile). 

> The following migration example allows `Editor` role to access own activity log:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following migration example allows users with the `Editor` role to access their own activity log:
```
